Update support documentation for SPF record discontinuation (#1529)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/spf-record.md

---

<note>
Although the SPF record type is deprecated, it's still supported by DNSimple name servers. We will discontinue serving SPF records in the future, so we will create a TXT record with the same content for you.
  Effective August 9th 2025, legacy SPF records will no longer be supported. For more information, see our [announcement](blog-post-link).

  This documentation has been updated to include the current recommended practices for SPF record management.
</note>

## What's an SPF record?

> An SPF record is a Sender Policy Framework record. It's used to indicate to mail exchanges which hosts are authorized to send mail for a domain.

Reviewer: I would keep this as it was (it was relevant, as explains what SPF stands for). You can add an extra sentence that explains that SPF records are represented as TXT records.

Reviewer 2: Agree this should stay in

Reviewer 3: I third that.

---

<note>

>   Effective August 11th 2025, SPF records defined using the SPF RR (type 99) will no longer be supported. For more information, see our [announcement](blog-post-link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Effective August 11th 2025, SPF records defined using the SPF RR (type 99) will no longer be supported. For more information, see our [announcement](https://blog.dnsimple.com/2025/07/discontinuing-spf-record-type/).
```

  This documentation has been updated to include the current recommended practices for SPF record management.
</note>

## What's an SPF record?

An SPF record is a Sender Policy Framework record. It's used to indicate to mail exchanges which hosts are authorized to send mail for a domain. SPF records are specially formatted TXT records.

## Creating an SPF record

> To create an SPF record follow the instructions for [creating a record](/articles/record-editor/#create-a-record), selecting TXT as the record type. The record's content follows SPF-specific formatting rules as described below.

Author: @itsalyse This is the latest update that I created. We need your help making this sound better 😂

---

<note>
  Effective August 9th 2025, legacy SPF records will no longer be supported. For more information, see our [announcement](blog-post-link).

  This documentation has been updated to include the current recommended practices for SPF record management.
</note>

## What's an SPF record?

An SPF record is a Sender Policy Framework record. It's used to indicate to mail exchanges which hosts are authorized to send mail for a domain. SPF records are specially formatted TXT records.

## Creating an SPF record

To create an SPF record:

1. Select the TXT record type.
2. Enter the name. This field is usually left blank since emails are typically sent from your apex domain.

> 3. Enter the content. The SPF record follows specific content formatting described below.

Author: Yep. I like this. Thanks 👍

## Validation

> The reference document for the DNS SPF record is the  [RFC 4408](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4408.txt), clarified by [RFC 7208](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc7208.txt).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The reference document for the DNS SPF record is the  [RFC 4408](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4408), clarified by [RFC 7208](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7208).
```
